Transitioned from requirements.txt to Pipenv (#60)
apertium/apertium-init: README.md

You can also do `sudo make install` to install to `/usr/local/bin/apertium-init`
or e.g. `PREFIX=$HOME/local make install` to install to `$HOME/local/bin/apertium-init`.

> To install dev dependencies, run `pipenv install --dev`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `pipenv install --dev` to install the requirements required for development, e.g. linters.
```
